---
title: "Privacy Policy"
description: "Privacy policy for map timer"
showDate: False
showReadingTime: False
showAuthor: False
---
### Introduction and Definition
This Privacy Policy sets out how we, Map Timer, use and protect your personal data that you provide to us, or that is otherwise obtained or generated by us, in connection with your use of Map Timer, (the “Services”). For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, ‘we’, ‘us’ and ‘our’ refers to Map Timer, and ‘you’ refers to you, the user of the Services.

### Principles
We follow simple principles when it comes to your data:
- Your data is used exactly as you expect
- Your data is not shared with anyone, at any time
- Your data does not leave your device without your explicit consent

### Information you provide

**Notifications**. Notifications are optional and your information is not stored online, and is not shared with any third-party. Notifications will only be sent once, and only as you configure. You will not receive any promotional notifications.

**Managing your information**. All information used by Map Timer is stored on-device, and can be managed through Map Timer’s application Settings, or through Apple's system controls.

### How we share your information
We do not share any information at any time.

### Updates
This privacy policy will be updated as needed so that it is accurate, current, and clear.

### Contact Us
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy please contact [support@jackk.dev](mailto:support@jackk.dev?subject=[Map-Timer])
Effective as of April 28th, 2025