---
title: "Privacy Policy"
description: "Privacy policy for minimal light meter"
showDate: False
showReadingTime: False
showAuthor: False
---
### Introduction and Definition
This Privacy Policy sets out how we, Minimal Light Meter, use and protect your personal data that you provide to us, or that is otherwise obtained or generated by us, in connection with your use of Minimal Light Meter, (the “Services”). For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, ‘we’, ‘us’ and ‘our’ refers to Minimal Light Meter, and ‘you’ refers to you, the user of the Services.

### Principles
We follow simple principles when it comes to your data:
- Your data is used exactly as you expect
- Your data is not shared with anyone, at any time
- Your data does not leave your device without your explicit consent

### Information you provide

**Local Storage**. Counter App stores information regarding your counts. This information is only used on-device to provide core functionality, and is not shared with any third-party or uploaded online. If you choose to share a bug report, you may choose to send some metadata to us. This information will only be used to diagnose and fix problems.

**Managing your information**. All information used by Minimal Light Meter is stored on-device, and can be managed within the application, or through Apple's system controls.

### How we share your information
We do not share any information at any time.

### Updates
This privacy policy will be updated as needed so that it is accurate, current, and clear.

### Contact Us
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy please contact [support@jackk.dev](mailto:support@jackk.dev?subject=[Counter App])
Effective as of July 16th, 2024